Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Oh no.
Look what you've done, Kugisaki.
This shirt belongs to Mr. Gojo, right?
Mr. Ijichi handed over the freshly
laundered shirt to us and left.
MR. IJICHI
And I spilled the coffee.
So who's to blame?
- You.
- Do it gently.
- I'm doing just that.
It looks like "Marimekko" style.
Don't underestimate fashion.
Well, it's probably cheap anyway.
Fushiguro, check the brand on the label.
Is tax included?
No. But is that the point?
Fine, I'll give 90,000 yen.
You guys pay 80,000 yen each.
Good morning.
Ijichi said you guys had my shirt...
What's wrong, Megumi?
Nothing.
Kugisaki.
No. No.
Kugi...
My ability
is truly terrifying.
I am...
I am the real...
"Curse"!
Black Flash!
Hey.
You thought you were here
to kill demons like in fairy tales.
You came with that mindset, right?
Don't be naive, punk!
This is war!
It's not a war to correct mistakes,
but a battle to impose
our self-proclaimed right ideas
on each other!
You are me, Yuji Itadori.
Just like I kill without thinking,
you save people without thinking.
Our instincts and the dignity
you gained from reason.
This war is about who will remain
a hundred years from now!
You didn't even realize that,
so how could you possibly defeat me?
Hey, Yuji Itadori.
Did you count
how many curses you've killed?
No. I haven't been counting either.
Because it doesn't matter
how many humans I've killed.
It won't be long
before I completely forget you.
The sound of the Gion Shoja bells
echoes the impermanence of all things.
The color of the sala flowers
reveals the truth
the prosperous must decline.
But...
we are the exceptions.
TOSHIN METRO SHIBUYA STATION
B5F, SHINTOSHIN LINE PLATFORM
These people...
KYOTO SCHOOL, FIRST YEAR, ARATA NITTA
...are still alive?
It seems Suguru Geto
has left with Prison Realm.
How come...
Let's change our mindset.
Instead of fighting to save Satoru Gojo,
we fight to weaken the enemy
in order to save our companions.
Our purpose has completely changed.
Hurry up.
My brother must be nearby.
So he has a brother.
I thought he's an only child.
What happened?
That scar on his face.
My position was changed.
Is he the sorcerer who killed Hanami?
Mr. Todo.
I've already provided first aid
to the girl over there.
But she will probably die.
Please don't blame it on me afterwards.
Enough talking. Help my brother too.
Get up.
Our battle is just beginning.
A jinx.
Todo...
I can't...
fight any more.
Kugisaki died, and Nanami too.
Sukuna killed so many people.
So...
I must help more people.
But I just can't do it.
I'm nothing but a murderer.
What I thought to be my conviction...
turned out to be only my excuses!
I...
I can't forgive myself.
Speak up. I can't hear you!
Interesting.
I know his tricks, but he still got me.
Brother.
You should never belittle yourself.
We are Jujutsu Sorcerers.
Whether it's me,
you,
Kugisaki,
Mr. Nanami,
or any other companions,
we are all Jujutsu Sorcerers.
As long as we're alive,
our friends who died
haven't really been defeated.
This isn't about sin or punishment.
From the moment we chose
to become Jujutsu Sorcerers,
our lives are no longer subject to karma.
Sometimes, it's disrespectful to the dead
to try to find meaning
or reason for each life lost.
But still...
What have those people entrusted to you?
There's no need to find
the answer immediately.
But you must not stop
before you find the answer.
For the Jujutsu Sorcerers who are alive,
this is the most basic punishment.
I don't need to tell him that yet.
I used my Cursed Technique on you.
Listen carefully, Itadori.
Your current injuries
won't continue to worsen.
They haven't healed,
but the bleeding has stopped.
The pain will also gradually lessen.
But this applies only
to your current injuries.
If you get attacked again,
new wounds will still appear
and they're beyond
the reach of my technique.
Mr. Todo's brother doesn't
look like him at all.
I treated that girl over there
in the same way.
Although her breathing
and pulse have stopped,
it hasn't been very long.
She still has a chance to be saved.
I'll take her away now.
It's only a possibility.
Don't get your hopes too high.
Have you finished?
What's wrong?
Aren't you going to touch me?
He's really good.
Keeping a distance from Itadori
while dealing with my attack.
It's not just that.
Just a dodge?
Come on. Let's switch positions.
I'll see through your trick and hit you.
I really want to use that move again.
I can feel that I am just one step away
from touching the essence of my soul.
Sorry, Nanami.
I almost wanted to relieve myself.
I even used sin as an excuse to escape.
I will leave the rest to you.
Black Flash!
From now on,
I will suffer in your place
as well, Nanami.
You're still alive?
Welcome back.
Right.
SUBWAY INFO:
SHIBUYA STATION IS CURRENTLY CLOSED.
The battle will end soon.
It's meaningless to rush to Shibuya now.
Go back...
Miwa.
Why did you only ask for
Mr. Todo and Nitta?
Based on my judgment,
Todo has a 99% chance of survival
if he goes to Shibuya.
The same goes for Nitta.
His technique will be useful.
What about me?
Am I not useful?
It's not about that anymore.
It's not just you.
Mai, Kamo, Nishimiya, even Utahime.
I have arranged for them to go
to the south of Kyoto on the 31st.
Why didn't you say anything?
Why didn't you talk to me about it?
Aren't we friends?
Is it because I'm too weak?
No, I'm the one who's weak.
Because I'm weak, I used the wrong method.
Because I'm weak, I couldn't
follow through with my mistake.
There was someone I really liked.
I thought no matter how the world changed,
it'd be okay as long as
I could stay by her side and protect her.
Even if the person
she hoped to protect her...
might not be me.
Time's up.
Miwa.
No!
Goodbye. Thank you for...
Don't say that!
Miwa.
Mechamaru!
You have to be happy.
No matter how,
as long as you are happy,
my wish would be fulfilled.
Mechamaru...
Miss Utahime, the things Mechamaru did...
Never mind.
The person involved is dead anyway.
He really underestimated us.
Yes.
He also said Todo wouldn't die,
and we're sure to die if we go
but that doesn't matter.
Whoever makes my cute junior cry must die.
Exchange places with an inanimate object?
Split?
Soul Multiplicity, Body Repel!
The spiritual residue
of this guy is very intact.
But can I kill him with one touch now?
Itadori's soul only has about 10% left.
And my soul still has about 40% left.
My duplicate was crushed.
Itadori's attacks and Black Flash
also wore down a lot of my soul.
It's all that woman's fault.
A piece of trash like her
managed to hurt me in the end.
Exchanging places is a hassle.
I'll kill him first.
Brother!
If that is enough to satisfy you...
we will no longer be best friends.
This Cursed Spirit
successfully used Black Flash.
Now the person who's left behind is me.
You have become stronger, Brother.
Are you willing to maintain
the status quo, Aoi Todo?
Are you going to leave
Itadori alone again, Aoi Todo?
Takada!
Black Flash!
No matter how powerful your attack is,
no matter how many times
you use Black Flash,
it's meaningless
if you can't hurt my soul.
However,
from this point, all three of them...
Mwah.
...have reached 120% of their potential.
Soul Multiplicity...
Body Repel!
A full-range attack that makes
exchanging places meaningless.
He is getting serious.
Try harder, Itadori!
This is the last time we curse each other!
Heroes always appear late.
But don't forget, people who fight
till the moment the hero appears
are also heroes.
Next episode: Transformation.
Don't forget to get
a certificate of delay.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm